[Music]
oh
is that the t cell yes so what you see
is this gigantic cells that has decided
to
inspect the other cells and if you have
an infection obviously your surface will
manifest that
so the t cells will scan and then say oh
there's something wrong here
let me get better information of what's
going on
what is actually happening when somebody
receives a massage
there are some nerves in the skin that
then connect
to glands where the t cells are stored
and so through the stimulation of the
skin you have this glands
releasing lots of lymphocytes in in the
blood
massage boosts immune cells in hiv
patients
but what impact does it have on a
healthy immune system
so bring on the massage oils
first a pre-massage blood test
then we're off after an
hour of intense rubbing it's time for
another blood test
i feel super relaxed and really quite
zen
but let's see what's happened to my
immune cells
fuvio measures how my mean cell numbers
have changed after my massage
can i just say that you've been a super
responder
because you not only showed response
that we expected
but also we had a very interesting
increase increasing
all sorts of other type of immune cells
you could see
a general flashing out of immune cells
like
yes there is a party let's go and party
that's really good to hear i'm really
excited
but it's those clever lymphocyte t cells
that are the biggest movers
the percentages goes from 18.3 to 23.6
that's great what is the percentage
increase
then it's about twenty percent
it might not seem very much but you have
to remember
well as you know there are millions of
them and so even
a increase of ten percent is a great
thing
this is great so basically i need to be
having massages every other day
especially in the flu season
[Music]
so next time when you ask your partner
for foot rub remember
you're not being self-indulgent you're
simply trying to
improve your immune system